#review #daily

# Day Summary
## The Day
It's holidays, which means I am home all day. After I have been awake until 2:30 :LiAlarmClock: yesterday, I only woke up at 12 today. Then I ate a good breakfast, cereal with a lot of fruits, I got a bit ill by the oatmeal, but it was still very tasty. After that, I played [[Super Mario Bros. Deluxe|SMB Deluxe]] with [[Samuel]] and it was partially so annoying, because he somehow didn't manage to play well. Then I found out that the shoes [[Marie]] and [[I]] wanted to buy for [[Nox]]' birthday were almost sold out and now sold at whopping 300$ (at least for [[Nox]]' shoe size), so we decided to switch present. After some cleaning I finally wanted to use Obsidian again, because without its regular use I kept avoiding prepping the campaigns, and as I'll play DnD on [[Silvester|My Notes/Daily Notes/24/Dec/31. Nov. 2024]], I really need to get some stuff prepped. I just hope it doesn't turn out to keep distracting me, but it should work out. I'll  just have to set some more stuff up.

Anyway, we watched [[The Clou]] in the evening, [[my mother]] wanted to show it to us for quite a while now and it was actually really good.




## Edited Files
Created the Setup Folder
	Created the Template Folder
		Created the [[Daily Note Template]], [[Weekly Note Template]], [[Monthly Note Template]], [[Quartal Note Template]] and [[Yearly Note Teamplate]].
	Create the [[Actions]] file with Buttons inside for different actions. Probably will change or delete it soon
Created the My Notes Folder, as well as the corresponding Folders for daily, weekly, monthly, quartal and yearly notes. 
Created the DnD folder
	Created the Encyclopedia folder - Will keep all NPCs and Mobs here
	Created the Evallior folder - Nothing added to it yet
	Created the Sessions folder
		Created the Session 0 folder
			Created [[Wichtige Informationen]] - Important stuff that I could discuss during Session 0
	Created the Story Folder - Here I can add all Story
		Created [[DnD/Campaigns/Friends Campaign/Story Overview.canvas|Overview]] - a quick overview over the story