#review #daily 
# Morning Pages
Well, so much about me regularly writing morning pages or at least more frequently when I'm writing them on the PC. I have come to notice the trouble that Obsidian and ToDoist both take like 3 or 4 seconds to load and then in that while I'm bored, so I open another app and then I am there playing a video game for the next hour... I think this is also a question of discipline, maybe I'm getting a bit addicted to video games as well, but I rarely think "OMGG VIDEO GAME NOWW" I'm more like, nah don't wanna write my morning pages, I'll just open a game that's way quicker and more fun and Id on't have to work and shit.. Yeah dogshit. Well, but maybe during the holidays I'll manage to have more self-discipline. I mean now I start and as most tasks on ToDoists I changed to be bidaily or tridaily or whatever I probably won't get to do all of them today, but if I do get lilke 10 tasks done? That would be amazinggg. I dunno, I just feel like I'm really getting out of discipline currently, because I oftentimes actively choose not to do anything, and even though I wanted to make the rule to like now allow myself to play video games until I finished all the tasks UNLESS someone else asked me to play a game together, but then I started asking people myself if I wanted to play with em. Well, anyway, for that I have it written down (what the hell is  my sentence structure?? (Probably so weird becasuse I type faster than I can think lol)), I won't allow myself for the rest of the day and tomorrow to play any video games until I have finished ALL yes I mean all, not only 10 or a couple or whatever, ALL tasks that I have to do on ToDoist. If I don't manage to complete all tasks until evening than may it be, that's my problem, can't play video games, UNLESS someone EXPLIICITLY calls me, yes I mean explicitly. If they write me, nuh uh, (well maybe if they ask me directly with a direct time, but not if they ask me without a time given), and I can'T ask them when I feel like playing video games either. Anyway, to get back to the topic of the holidays. no. What I was talking about earlier? Anyway, I think that should be fine for morning pages today, I prefer making the first day of doing ToDoist tasks again always more easy and shit so yeah...
# Day Summary
## What happened?
Went to [[Parsa]] played in [[DnD/Campaigns/Oleksiis Campaign/Story Overview.canvas|Oleksii's Campaign]] and then went on to play Commander MTG with [[Parsa]] and [[Payam]]. 
Played a nice little tune on their Steinberg.
Had a discussion with [[Papa]] and he's kinda right. I should do more productive shit at home.
Watched [[Prince of Persia]].
## Edited Files
