#review #daily 
# Morning Pages
Les gooo, I'm a mastermind, two days of Morgenseiten in a row (crazy how I find even this crazy (crazy? I was crazy once, they locked me in a room, a rubber room, a rubber room with rats. and rats made me crazy. Crazy? I was crazy once. they locked me in a room...)) well. Yeah, I mean it kinda worked yesterday even though I only had 1 hour which didn't leave time for a looot of tasks. But today it kinda works, this morning and when I came back I was a bit invested in Stellaris, but I guess I got away from it as soon as mom and dad got back so yeah, maybe I get to do some non-priority1 or priority2 tasks and get furhter down, most days I don't get any further than that. But even if I don't, I haven't been home all day so I'm happy with whatever I get to do. I also noticed, as soon as I started being productive again, even though I dind't like being productive I've been feeling way better, way less depressive. Anyway, I'll try no to think about Depression in any way, maybe it's like the game (fuck now I lost it), it only comes when you think about it (That's not even a good metaphore wtflip), but yk dunno, I'll try to keep it out of my thoughts, even though these are my morning pages, and I know I shouldn't think about what I'm writing all too much lol. Anyway, I watched "Prince of Persia with dad later" (gotta add that to yesterdays day as well, hope I don't forget) and I really really liked it. The acting hasn't been on top and I felt kinda dissatisfied that he didn't tell her everything in the movie at then end, but I think she got it and shit, but I'm still very sad about it, not because it makes it a sad end or anything, but because if they would've done it, it would've been somewhat satisfying, dunno. Anyway, what I also noticed was that the acting wasn't on top and shit and you could see that it was from a video game because some of the jumps were insanely videogame-coded (wtf, my Rechtschreibung in these morning pages is horrible wtflip wtflip). Not that that is a bad thing, I just noticed tho. Feel like stopping again, maybe I was wrong I feel like I am writing less morning pages than I did on paper, might count it out later. Nevemind, I just counted, it's wayy more wtflip that's actually niceee. 
# Day Summary
Festival bei [[Marion]] und [[Alex]] im Garten
## What happened?

## Edited Files
