#review #daily 
# Morning Pages
Hiiiiiii, here I am again. Well, the days kinda go by. Not in the sense of me being like "What??? 10 days passed already", but as in it's evening and I'm like "What even happened??". I guess the reason for this is also that I wake up way too late currently. I stay awake until 1-3am and sleep until 12:00 if it's a good day, but then I've lost the entire day almost. Then I'm constantly doing shit, which is also taking away all my time I don't know. Oh, I just realized, before Papa goes crazy, I should move my Koffer. Or like empty it... lol. Well, I'll do that immediately after the morning pages before I do anything else. Well, today was Metallbändprobe and it didn't went all too well. I could play all the songs at home, but as soon as I go to that weird piano I'm doing dogshit wtf. I don't know, I even did horrible at No Surrender. But back to the day passing by thing, it feels like my entire day gets robbed. The things is, that because I wake up late I stay up late, but because we always eat at the same time, no matter when I wake up or go to bed, when I wake up late, a lot of the day is after supper, which then makes me not be productive, because for one I have to be quite and for two I feel very tempted to play video games, which I am not as much normally. Well, now I have the deal with Raoul at least and tomorrow I'll try to wake up before 10:30 am. I'll not do 9 or anything crazy, because opposed to what I did the past days, I think it's better if I slowly get used to better times. Well, random thought I just had, but I hate shaving, because if you shave it means you literally have to shave YOUR ENTIRE BODY. When you have like spots like your ass or something that is difficult to shave you have a problem, because you can't shave your nutsacks if you don't shave your ass bc that just looks weird, but then you have to shave your butt, which sucks. Anyway, I think I'll kinda change the "Day Summary" thing to "Hour Analysis". This will end up with the same information, but also additiional stuff. There I'll to analyse how I spent the day as good as possible, which I can later put into a stat maybe or something so that I can analyse it. I think for analysation it would be best if I put that into properties and removed the section down below. Or no, I'll leave the section and then input the info I gathered there into the most important into numbers. Because I have to input the entire time of an activity into a property, I can't just enter the single times, that doesn't really work I think, or maybe it does, but it's a whole lot of work. Also, I just noticed, I never write Monthly, Quartal, Weekly or Yearly Notes, I should change that lol.
# Day Summary
## Hourly Analysis

## Edited Files
As mentioned in above Morning Pages, I changed the header "What happened?" to "Hourly Analysis" here and in the [[Daily Note Template|template]]. Also added properties to it.