---
hours_of_sleep: "5.5"
time_waking_up: 10:25
---

#review #daily 
# Morning Pages
Well, here I am again, and even though it took a couple of days in which I haven't done anything at all, to be fair I've been driving to Brandenburg 10h on Thursday, celberating Oma's Birthday on Friday and here I am again on Saturday. Today, I've not really been doing anything. Basically, all I am doing all day is chill on electronical devices, but hell do the gadgets that Arthur and Ludwig have feel great. For one, the mouses are much nicer. For one, they're glowing and they're clicks just feel so much more satisfying, and they're movement is much smoother. Also, Arthur's Bildschirm and shit and his glowing cooler, amazing shit. This is the point where I sometimes get really annoyed at Papas Phone Policy. I think because Niclas grew up to be quite the pc junkie, he's gotten really careful, but I thikn controlling everything and punishing if you find a way around is dogshit. If he instead try to leave electronical devices afar from us, by being a good example, for example (ugh this sound weird. Example... Example, anywy) or by trying to talk with us or do stuff with us instead. I think he never had a proper policy and because of that Samu is the worst junkie ever and I sometimes feel like I am too, depending on the day. Papa should've gotten that games aren't that much of a factor as are other things. For example, TikTok or Instagram. In it's entirety his system is just dogshit I think. He's doing really bad parenting, not only in that case really often idk. Sometimes good sometimes shit...
# Day Summary
## Hourly Analysis

## Edited Files
