---
hours_of_sleep: "8.5"
time_waking_up: 11:00
"!DAILYANALYSIS!":
---

#review #daily 
# Morning Pages
Well, here we have another day of me writing mornign pages, it's not working out perfectly, but it's working out better than expected I have to say. I'll just have to somewhat get the discipline to actually do my tasks, yesterday on the card ride I wanted to do Anki, but after the first question I didn't feel ike it again and yeah, then I didn't do it. I mean I'm fine for not really doing any tasks yestereday, after all I was on a 10h drive again, but today for the day I will try to not be on Instagram (anymore; already wasted 45 or so on it ) or on any video game until EVERY daily tasks is done and I have cleaned a little in my room, but if I have come so far, I'm free for the day. Well, anyway, yesterday when we were waiting for the Defne food (which was my idea hehe), I've talked with mom about why I'm so annoyed by Papa currently, and she told me to talk with him. I don't think I'll try to list what I find annoying aobut him here, because I don't know, that's too negative for me and the morning pages right now. But she said I should have a big talk with him talking about all these issues, but I don't feel like having such a talk. I don't know, it just feels weird talking to papa about deeper things, which shows how little connection we have again. I just think he gets wrong a lot of things about me and just in general doesn't really get my personality and like gets thing entirely wrong idk?? I'm kind arepeating myself lol. Anyway, I've just come to noitce that I'm not thinking that much about Elli anymore currently. I don't know why that is, but I think it's probably because I see her so rarely, which is really sad, but fair enough, she's a Free Bird as I like to sei.. Or in German  a "Freigeist" (I have to tell her that, i find it funny)-
# Day Summary
## Hourly Analysis

## Edited Files
