#review #daily 
# Morning Pages
Well, well, well. Here I am after what feels like an eternity of basically not doing any tasks on ToDoist or in life in general whatsoever. I had the idea of writing my morning pages digitally a while ago already and I think it's really a good idea for two reasons. For one, I'll probably do it more often. If I have Obsidian open quite often then I will probably write my morning pages first time I'm on my Laptop. Also, I have my laptop with me almost everywhere where I have time to theoretically spend on my laptop, meaning I don't have to bring my morning pages book with me everywhere. The other thing is, that I'm far more efficient in typing on my Laptop and yes, morning pages shouldn't be written in a rush, but I feel like if that means I'm typing more words and more often that's worth it. When I don't have the end of the page visibile I'm also not thinking about the "When do I finally finish?" that often, because I simply can just type and type. And as I notice right now, I also keep my thoughts flowing, not writing what I think should be important but what randomly comes to my mind, also because I type so quickly so my thoughts are almost the speed of my typing. Additionally, when I type my morning pages on Obsidian, that means I'll have Obsidian open more often, which I hope will end in me using Obsidian more regularly for doing whatever, also adding it to my daily tasks and shit, because I'm really unhappy on how little I'm prepping DnD and how little I have in here overall. I remember back when I started using Obsidian how I really loved the idea of having a second brain that would just save a lot of data for me, that I didn't have to memorize but still had somewhere written down. I think you could consider this the equivalent of a photo for some people, which I also would love to take more often, because imagine I read all the stuff that I've written in here in a couple of years or something. With the use of the [[20. Jul. 2025#Edited Files|Edited Files]] Header I can also backtrack what files I've added when and why which is also pretty neat. I think in a couple of years I'll be really happy about having this thing and with the use of the [[review]] tag I also can revisit all my files every now and then, correct stuff, maybe work on then (especially if they're dnd related) and just take a glance at what I'vedone earlier. Now that I have the morning pages on Obsidian I think I'll use the [[20. Jul. 2025#Day Summary|Day Summary]] header at the end of the day to summarize what exactly has happened that day, or if I forget in the evening, do it in the morning to backtrack all the things I've done. I hope this will not end as another stupid idea I once had, but will actually work out for a while, but I think ToDoist was a similar idea and, disregarding the last month, I think it worked somewhat well. I maybe have to reorganize shit every now and then and rethink its effiiciency maybe, but that's the smallest of problems and if it'll become annoying and I feel like it's not working anymore, then who the hell cares. Also, don't know if this is a positive or a negative effect, but if I don't have a physical end of the page I can stop whenever, which means I am not forcing myself to write more than I feel like. My mom said it would be better not to write morning pages digitially but physical, and Julia Cameron apparently said the same, but who tf cares, as long as it works for me I think I'm fine and I think that's also sort of the spirit of the morning pages: Not a lot of rules.
# Day Summary

## What happened?
Woke up at [[Marvin]]'s place, relatively tired cause I was awake until 2am. 
[[Louis]] eventually came and we started playing DnD for roughly 6 hours.
Then I tried to take the bus but missed it and had to chill at the bus station with [[Louis]] for an hour. 
We took the next bus, I took the train and then I went to the CSD (or the rest of it; Meetup)
We played some [[Imposter]]. 
Went swimming.
Went home relatively on time.
Started a new series called [[Band of Brothers]]
## Edited Files
Added my [[Character Backstory|Backstory]] for Ileonia, as well as a [[Overview.canvas|Noteboard]] and the [[Volimap|map]] of Voli for [[Marvin]]'s Campaign.