#review #daily 
# Morning Pages
Well well well, (I love to start my morning pages with that setence/start thingy (can't remember the fanc term right now)) and I started working on ToDoist tasks again, yayy, although it's currently only two, but I'll hope that after this I'll continue and do even more ToDoist tasks, yayyy. Well, anyway, I feel really fat the past few days. Partially this is because I've not been doing any sports recently, but also because I keep on eating so much stuff and so much unhealthy shit especially. I also ate 250g butter yesterday with Marvin and Raphi. (I think not linking in my morning pages would be better actually) and idk, it was not horrible but since  I considered the idea that that was a ton of fat, I keep looking at myself as if I was even fatter. I don't think you see effects after a couple days of training, but when I do train I at least don't feel that fat anymore. When I don't it's still fine for a couple of days, and that's the dangerous thing. I'm like "Yeah well, it's not all too bad, is it??" and then I don't train and then I feel fat again but not like training. Well, if I do manage to keep on working on my ToDoist tasks, then maybe I'll finish the training task as well?? That would be really nice. I also do consider that whenever I do a task I  rethink how wellit works, because I just changed all the decks in Anki to only add 3 cards a day so I can memorize the stuff fast, but not faster then needed, it's just for fun after all. Well, anyway this is working really well, when I'm typing just slightly slower than my thinking speed I really think less about what I write which increases the morning pages effect I think, but also what I've noticed is that I have two types of thinking. One is the normal thinking I jsut do and one  is when I think about thinking just like when you think about blinking and that feels weird as fuck. My thoughts get slowed down and this especially happens when I feel horrible because I don't trust my feelings and then I think I'm just faking and doing weird shit and talking dog shit and I don't know... Well, my hand's hurting and morning pages don't have to be all too long today, do they (I like the idea of not having a final  end but just writing)
# Day Summary
## What happened?
School... after I woke up way too late and was 15m late for class
discussion about abimotto and abiball in the mittagspause. Decided for "Ferrabi" and getrennter Abiball and Zeugnisausgabe
Latin
Went Home
## Edited Files
